Mr. Alsa, did you paint these?
I did.
They're amazing.
How long have you been drawing?
As long as I can remember,
it's my way of being able to share
all the stories of my life.
Could you show me?
Yes, of course.
I remember a time when I was young and in East Germany.
We weren't allowed to do our work as Jehovah's Witnesses.
We were under ban.
I helped in copying our watchtower magazines by hand
and then hiding them in food.
Did?
Yes.
We'd then send the food to our brothers who were in prison.
I was also asked to help in distributing
Bible literature to our congregations
as an underground messenger.
Wow.
Time passed and then things started getting better in Berlin.
Shortly after, I immigrated to New York.
And I met my darling husband.
That was a great story.
Thank you.
But I'm sure you have stories.
What do you like to draw?
Well, actually here.
This was the time when Caleb and I went to the park
and he met a little girl there.
I'm glad I reached out that day.
Lasting friends can be of any age when they love Jehovah.